[WIP] Consolidated 4.10 RAN docs (#43890)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-definition-of-done-for-ztp-installations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ztp-definition-of-done-for-ztp-installations_{context}"]
= Indication of done for ZTP installations

> Zero touch provisioning (ZTP) simplifies the process of checking for a completed
> ZTP installation by adding a {rh-rhacm-first} static validator inform policy.
> This policy captures the existing criteria for a completed installation and validates that it moves
> to a compliant state only when ZTP provisioning of the spoke cluster is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero touch provisioning (ZTP) simplifies the process of checking the ZTP installation status for a cluster. The ZTP status moves through three phases: cluster installation, cluster configuration, and ztp done. These phases are indicated by the following:
The cluster installation phase is indicated by the ManagedCluster CR `ManagedClusterJoined` condition. If the ManagedCluster CR does not have this condition, or the condition is set `False` the cluster is still in the installation phase. Additional details about installation are available from the AgentClusterInstall and ClusterDeployment CRs (see Troubleshooting section)
The cluster configuration phase is indicated by a "ztp-running" label applied the the ManagedCluster CR for the cluster.
Cluster installation and configuration is complete in the ZTP done phase. This is indicated by removal of the ztp-running label and addition of the ztp-done label to the ManagedCluster CR. The ztp-done label indicates that the configuration has been applied and the baseline DU configuration has completed cluster tuning.

The transition to the  ZTP done state is conditioned on the compliant state of a {rh-rhacm-first} static validator inform policy. This policy captures the existing criteria for a completed installation and validates that it moves
to a compliant state only when ZTP provisioning of the spoke cluster is complete.
```

The validator inform policy ensures the configuration of the distributed unit (DU) cluster is fully applied and
Operators have completed their initialization. The policy validates the following:

* The target `MachineConfigPool` contains the expected entries and has finished
updating. All nodes are available and not degraded.
* The SRIOV Operator has completed initialization as indicated by at least one
`SriovNetworkNodeState` with `syncStatus: Succeeded`.
* The PTP Operator daemon set exists.

The policy captures the existing criteria for a completed installation and validates that it moves
to a compliant state only when ZTP provisioning of the spoke cluster is complete.

> ZTP uses the `PolicyGenTemplate` custom resource (CR) to define {rh-rhacm} policies that the
> `PolicyGenerator` calls to create the policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validator inform policy is included in the reference group `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs. For reliable indication of ZTP done this validator inform policy must be included.
```

Cluster configuration phase::
The cluster configuration phase is shown by a `ztp-running` label applied the the `ManagedCluster` CR for the cluster.

ZTP done::
Cluster installation and configuration is complete in the ZTP done phase. This is shown by the removal of the `ztp-running` label and addition of the `ztp-done` label to the `ManagedCluster` CR. The `ztp-done` label shows that the configuration has been applied and the baseline DU configuration has completed cluster tuning.
+
The transition to the  ZTP done state is conditional on the compliant state of a {rh-rhacm-first} static validator inform policy. This policy captures the existing criteria for a completed installation and validates that it moves to a compliant state only when ZTP provisioning of the spoke cluster is complete.
+
The validator inform policy ensures the configuration of the distributed unit (DU) cluster is fully applied and
Operators have completed their initialization. The policy validates the following:
+
* The target `MachineConfigPool` contains the expected entries and has finished
updating. All nodes are available and not degraded.

> * The SRIOV Operator has completed initialization as indicated by at least one `SriovNetworkNodeState` with `syncStatus: Succeeded`.

Author: @lpettyjo Could you please point us to this guideline? This is new to me and I can't find information about this in the OCP docs guidelines. On the other hand, [checking published documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/networking/hardware_networks/installing-sriov-operator.html) and I can't see that the name of the SR-IOV Operator is written with backticks anywhere.
[Same for PTP Operator](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/networking/using-ptp.html#install-ptp-operator-web-console_using-ptp)
(cc @StephenJamesSmith so you're aware of this discussion. Also please correct SRIOV to SR-IOV)

> * The SRIOV Operator has completed initialization as indicated by at least one `SriovNetworkNodeState` with `syncStatus: Succeeded`.

Reviewer 2: @amolnar-rh as we discussed. You are correct about not needing backticks on operators.
